[APPLAUSE]
>> We're back with Alison Sweeney and
we're gonna play 5 Second Rule.
Twitch is here to host,
and I will go first.
>> Okay, Ellen name three
ways to die on a soap opera.
>> Your evil twin kills you,
you fall off a tower,
or you're pushed off a bridge
>> [SOUND].
>> [APPLAUSE].
>> Sure,
there are a lot of bridges in [CROSSTALK].
>> Yeah, right, sure.
>> I don't know.
>> [APPLAUSE].
>> Okay Allison, name three reasons
to slap someone on a soap opera.
>> They curse at you, they steal your
boyfriend and they kill your mother
>> [SOUND].
>> Whoa.
>> [APPLAUSE].
>> [LAUGH].
>> Curse at you?
I'll take it.
>> So they kill your mother and
you slap them?
>> [LAUGH].
>> It happens.
>> How dare you kill my mother?
>> [LAUGH].
>> But-
>> Wow.
>> But it did!
>> All right.
>> It's true!
>> That's not really punishment, but okay.
>> [LAUGH].
>> Okay Ellen,
name three things you shave.
>> Your legs, your armpits, and
if you're unlucky, your face.
>> [LAUGH]
>> I don't know, what three things with.
>> Okay, besides a hair, name three things
you wouldn't want to find in your mouth.
>> A bug, someone else's hair, and a worm.
>> [SOUND].
>> [LAUGH].
>> Bug is different from a worm!
Two different-
>> No,
a bug and worm would fall into the same-
>> Come on!
>> [LAUGH].
>> All right.
>> I'm not a zoologist.
>> I'll allow it.
>> Thank you.
>> But-
>> Close, I won't let it happen again.
>> Yeah.
Now we're even with our cheating.
>> Okay.
>> All right.
>> [LAUGH].
>> Okay, Ellen,
name three things you love about Portia.
>> She's very intelligent.
She's very funny.
And she's easy on the eyes.
>> [SOUND].
>> [LAUGH].
>> [APPLAUSE].
>> That's right.
>> Uh-huh.
>> That's too easy.
>> That was easy.
>> Okay Allison,
name three things you love about Portia.
>> I love that she's a talented writer.
She's very friendly.
And funny.
>> [SOUND].
>> I stole your thing.
Friendly.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Friendly.
>> I panicked on the friendly
>> Hey.
Hey y'all.
>> I was thinking generous.
>> She's very friendly.
>> I'm sure she is very-
>> She could be a greeter at Walmart.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Walmart.
>> Friendly, my God, Portia I'm sorry.
>> Okay Ellen, name three brands of soap.
>> Dove, Irish Spring, and Dial.
>> [SOUND]
>> No.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> I came up with three soaps.
>> [LAUGH]
>> That's hard.
>> Name three things you can slip on.
>> [SOUND]
>> Slippers.
>> [LAUGH]
>> A shirt, and flip-flops.
>> No.
>> Slippers?
>> No, banana peel or-
>> [LAUGH]
>> That was clever though.
I mean, you can slip on slippers.
You can slip them on.
It was like two meanings.
Wow.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Things you can slip on, like a dress
or, all right Andy, I am ending this show.
>> Why is Andy so
mean to us?
>> Andy is so mean.
>> Andy!
>> All right, I want to thank Alison Sweeney,
Ty Burrell,
and don't forget to go to Fandango and
get your Finding Dory tickets right now.
I'll see you tomorrow,
be kind to one another, bye!